A full-stack app that let's users connect with one another for tutoring purposes.

Nowadays, there is a plethora of info out there, and it is readily available at our fingertips. The Internet and modern computers have allowed people to have consistent and easy access to massive amounts of information, unlike ever before. It's great to be able to look up resources that can help us solve our day-to-problems. However, Google searches and Youtube videos do have their limits. Sometimes, that human element of having somebody break things down and walk us through the solution is what we really need. But time and location can place restrictions on peoples' access and availability. Or at least they used to...

Tutelage gives potential learners access to instructors from all around the world. Tutees simply fill out an online form detailing the instruction that they need and when they are available, then submit it to the app. The submission then gets loaded onto a board that potential Tutors have access to. If a Tutor feels confident that they can successfully instruct the Tutee to meet their goal(s), the Tutor can select that posting and offer his services. An Intro/Info Session is set up by both parties at an agreed upon time; afterward, if both parties come to an agreement of the terms and feel that they are a good fit for each other, the Tutoring Session gets scheduled.

The limitations of business hours and geographic location are no longer a factor when it comes to getting the help and instruction that you need. With Tutelage, those who need tutoring can get tutoring; whenever and wherever!
